Hi. I'm Ron, and I'm your instructor for this class.
Yes, I'm a hacker,
but I'm actually one of the good kinds.
I have a white hat, not a black hat,
because I just really dig IT and cybersecurity.
You see, I've been doing it for well over 20 years.
I'm the president of my own cybersecurity consulting company, Cyber-AAA,
and I'm also a university professor at Bellevue University,
where I've been teaching for over 10 years.
I'm a noted security writer, blogger, podcaster, videographer.
I really dig, just getting out,
meeting new people like yourself,
and teaching you about cybersecurity,
so please connect with me on Twitter and LinkedIn.
I'm really excited to get started in this course,
so let's get rolling.